# Back
* [README](https://github.com/iwantavnow/Setting.App/blob/master/README_zh.md)

# 18 U.S.C. ยง 2257
* Setting.App(AV TV) is not a producer (primary or secondary) of any and all of the content found on the App. With respect to the records as per 18 U.S.C. ยง 2257 for any and all content found on this site, please kindly direct your request to the site for which the content was produced.
* Setting.App(AV TV) can be a tool to upload videos to video sharing sites, which allows for the uploading, sharing and general viewing of various types of adult content and while Setting.App(AV TV) does the best it can with verifying compliance, it may not be 100% accurate.
* Setting.App(AV TV) abides by the following procedures to ensure compliance:
  * Requiring all users to be 18 years of age to upload videos.
  * When uploading, user must verify the content; assure he/she is 18 years of age; certify that he/she keeps records of the models in the content and that they are over 18 years of age.
  * Certify that the content being uploaded is either owned by the user or they are legally licensed to upload, publish, share the content at hand.
* For further assistance and/or information in finding the content's originating site, please contact Setting.App(AV TV) compliance at iwantavnow@gmail.com.
* Setting.App(AV TV) allows content to be reported. Should any content be reported as illegal, unlawful, harassing, harmful, offensive or various other reasons, Setting.App(AV TV) shall transfer the report to resource sites.
* Users of Setting.App(AV TV) who come across such content it urged to report it as inappropriate by sending email to iwantavnow@gmail.com.